Top Lock Hanging Bag



PRODUCT DETAILS
Pink and green color:

This charming pink bag is designed with careful attention to detail. With dimensions of 10 inches in width and 8 inches in length, it offers ample space for your essentials while maintaining a sleek and stylish silhouette.

The bag features a short strap measuring 6 inches in length, perfect for carrying it by hand or resting it comfortably on your forearm. Additionally, it comes with a long strap that is adjustable, allowing you to customize the length to suit your preferred carrying style—whether worn over the shoulder or across the body, providing versatility and convenience.

Green bag:

This charming green bag is designed with careful attention to detail. With dimensions of 10 inches in width and 8 inches in length, it offers ample space for your essentials while maintaining a sleek and stylish silhouette.

The bag features a short strap measuring 6 inches in length, perfect for carrying it by hand or resting it comfortably on your forearm. Additionally, it comes with a long strap that is adjustable, allowing you to customize the length to suit your preferred carrying style—whether worn over the shoulder or across the body, providing versatility and convenience






Quilted Ball Bag Pink & Mahroon

Pink:

This stunning pink bag boasts a unique front embossed texture, adding depth and visual interest to its design. With a generous width of 15 inches and a length of 9 inches, it offers ample space to accommodate your belongings while making a bold fashion statement.

Inside, the bag features a convenient zippered compartment lined with swad fabric. This soft and plush lining not only provides protection for your belongings but also adds a luxurious touch to the interior. It ensures that your items are kept secure and organized while exuding refinement and style.

With its striking embossed texture, spacious interior, and exquisite golden accents, this pink bag is the epitome of chic sophistication. 

Mahroon: 
This stunning Mahroon bag boasts a unique front embossed texture, adding depth and visual interest to its design. With a generous width of 15 inches and a length of 9 inches, it offers ample space to accommodate your belongings while making a bold fashion statement.

Inside, the bag features a convenient zippered compartment lined with swad fabric. This soft and plush lining not only provides protection for your belongings but also adds a luxurious touch to the interior. It ensures that your items are kept secure and organized while exuding refinement and style.

With its striking embossed texture, spacious interior, and exquisite golden accents, this Mahroon bag is the epitome of chic sophistication.




Shopping bags & tote bags

With these net bags in cotton from more sustainable farms, you avoid needing plastic bags when shopping, and they are a climate smart choice. Hang them up and store fruits and vegetables – and the food will last longer.

Product details
Ideal for food storage. Keeps fruits and vegetables fresh for longer since air circulates through the net bag.

Can be used in high humidity areas.

Designer
Ehlén Johansson

May be combined with other products in the KUNGSFORS series.

Recommended for indoor use only.

Includes: 1 net bag 16⅞x15½" and 1 net bag 14½x11⅜". The dimensions refer to when the bag is laid flat on a flat surface. They are approximate and can vary ‒ depending on what you store in the bag.


Materials and care
Material
100 % cotton
Care
Shrinkage maximum 10%.

Machine wash, warm, durable-press cycle.

Do not bleach.

Do not tumble dry.

Iron low.

Do not dry clean.

Safety and compliance
Tested and approved for food contact.

KUNGSFORS
Mesh bag, set of 2
Article number
703.728.36
Width: 23 cm (9 ")
Height: 1 cm (½ ")
Length: 44 cm (17 ¼ ")
Weight: 0.10 kg (4 oz)
Package(s): 1









<a href="https://www.vecteezy.com/free-png/shopping-bag">Shopping Bag PNGs by Vecteezy</a>
<a href="https://www.vecteezy.com/free-png/bag">Bag PNGs by Vecteezy</a>
<a href="https://www.vecteezy.com/free-png/bag">Bag PNGs by Vecteezy</a>


paper bag
<a href="https://www.vecteezy.com/free-png/bag">Bag PNGs by Vecteezy</a>




Cookie NoticeUNIQLO uses trackers (such as Cookies or SDKs) for :
• Strictly necessary purposes
• Performance purposes
• Functional purposes
• Targeting purposes

If you select Accept All, you consent to the use of all our trackers.
If you select Preferences, you can select whether and to what extent you consent to the use of trackers on our application.

You can withdraw your consent at any time by clicking on the link in our Cookie Policy

Accept All

Preferences


Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website or open an app, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of trackers. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of trackers. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of trackers may impact your experience and the services we are able to offer.
Cookie Policy
Manage Consent Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.View Vendor Details‎

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to collect information about the traffic on our website and the technical performance of the website. They help us to get detailed and advanced analytics. In some cases these cookies improve the speed with which we can process your request, allow us to remember site preferences you've selected. This includes cookies from third-party analytics services.View Vendor Details‎

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation of content and advertisements. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.View Vendor Details‎

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.View Vendor Details‎
Confirm My Choices




